MARCH 3RD, 2009. Everything, for a moment, was peaceful. The treasured monuments of ROBLOXia stood still, but they were unguarded. But much to the disbelief of many, an incoming threat was coming in at the time of the rising sun. An old threat that a Robloxian named Timmy dealt with 2 years earlier. They were known as the Killbots, and they came in droves. After the invasion of the Crossroads, all of ROBLOXia were fighting against the invaders in an all out war. And for a moment, it seemed like they were losing. Chaos Canyon, Sword Fights on the Heights, the Builder's Baseplates, and other lands were under attacked by the Killbots' programmed desire to destroy and kill. There were 5 varieties of Killbots sent out during the war. The Normal type, similar to the Killbots Timmy fought against in 2007. The Agility type was equipped with faster speed and aggressive combat tactics, at the consequence of thinner and less resilient armor. The Heavy type was slower, but more resilient to ROBLOXian firepower. The Commander types served as a balance between aggressiveness, speed, and armor, and served as the elite force of the Killbots during the war. However, the Commanders were protecting the Prime Commanders. The Prime Commanders were the largest type of Killbot ever seen and were resistant to many types of damage, yet were aggressive and deadly, able to fire multiple rockets at once. ROBLOXians learned the purpose of all the Killbot types as they planned strategies to defeat the swarm. They were outnumbered and outgunned, and was the result of thousands of casualties. ROBLOXians were able to just barely obtain victory, at the cost of themselves and their homeland. When the time came to rebuild, it was decided to merge both Chaos Canyon and Crossroads together in an effort to unite the whole of ROBLOXia, and to pay tribute to lives lost. Peace was restored. Scientists created solutions for ROBLOXians to upgrade their durability and speed. Engineers created more powerful versions of the ancient brickbattling weapons as the weapons used during the war proved inefficient. The brickbattle weapons weren't used during the war as they were sacred to ROBLOXian society and were created as dueling weapons and not as self defense weapons. Only a few brickbattle weapons were deemed applicable during the war, including modified Rocket Launchers. A month after the war ended and new advancements were made in ROBLOXian society, a massive brickbattling tournament was held in the Chaos Crossroads arena, the previously mentioned merging of Crossroads and Chaos Canyon. It was known as Crossroads Evolved, and was intended to showcase the advancements made in ROBLOXian society. Billionaires offered to help host the tournament, much to the dismay of the organizers. The organizers reluctantly agreed to let the billionaires host the tournament. This is where things went wrong. On APRIL 2ND, 2011, the Crossroads Evolved tournament was held on the Chaos Crossroads arena in ROBLOXia. Within almost 3 minutes, distant moans can be heard from across the landscape of Robloxians lost in the war. There was a Zombie infestation. What made matters worse was that a rare, undocumented variety of Killbot, originally thought to be extinct, was summoned. The Killbot Delta variety were created and programmed at the end of the war. They were a rarer variety of Killbot that was one of the weaker varieties in the war. However, they proved to be the most aggressive and the speediest. Very few of these Killbots were made, as it was thought that manufacturing of Delta units were halted at the end of the war. During the tournament, Killbot Deltas came for the first time since the war ended, and wrecked havoc on participants and Zombies alike. However, the participants stood strong and fended off the threats while focusing on their goal. The tournament ended with a winner with no casualties after the incidents. The billionaires who hosted the event and the organizers who let them host it were sent to prison after the incident, but it was unknown if the billionaires were the ones who brought out the Zombies and Killbot Deltas.



UPDATE (MAY 15TH, 2011, original was last written 3 days ago): This transmission was received at the ROBLOXia Science center, nearby the ROBLOX HQ. It was from a mysterious figure who wished to remain anonymous: "Hello. It appears that we haven't met, although you're probably busy figuring out why your pathetic event didn't go the way you planned. Those rich assholes aren't the ones behind it, it was me and me alone. I am so happy to finally get this off my chest just so I can tell you a little story. Remember Timmy? Timmy was the first one who fought against the Killbots, yes? Okay, so one day I managed to travel from my world to your little plastic brick set of a world to see a destroyed playground, and I saw, with my own eye, the Killbots' flayed corpses. You know what I did after? I reverse engineered these genius gadgets and created an army that appeared in the the so-called 'Killbot War'. Unfortunately, I didn't expect you little brick pests to eliminate them in 2 years. Good job for that, sincerely. I thought it would eliminate you all in a faster period of time. After that excuse of a conflict ended, I pointed my sword towards the next major event, your "tournament". I summoned my remaining forces, and I transformed the narrative to how it is today. I know how far you have come since the war. I have seen your powers, and I still believe you cannot prevent me from taking over. Why? Because I don't belong in this world. I have my own to control, and yet I wish to control more of them. I will become the air you breathe and the storm that will rattle your bricks apart into chunks. Me and my Killbot army are coming again to rattle your world with rockets, smoke and microplastics. There's nothing you can do about it. As an attendum: if you somehow survive this next onslaught of fire and brimstone, you will recieve as visit from my highly trained, elite army of my Kronic Empire. Your land will burn, and I will benefit from the ashes. This message is being transmitted throughout ROBLOXia, however I have a little treat for those scientists that keep trying to stop me from achieving my goal." The mysterious figure raised something on the left side of his head, and charged up what seemed to be a red laser, which reappeared in an interdimentional portal and killed every scientist in the facility. Whoever this was, it was an interdimentional being that wanted ROBLOXia. This book will be updated in the future in future editiond as this develops.

